---
layout: single
title:  "OPIC Scripting"
categories: 'opic'
---

## 자기소개

- Hi ava. My name is Jake Kim. I'm 30 years old. I majored in Language but now I'm seeking my job in IT field. u know? That area is popular thesedays
- Currently I'm living alone in my studio apartment. I lived in Seoul for more than 20 years.
- In the past, I lived with my family. but after graduates my university, I started to live alone. it was little bit lonely for the first time, but now I got used to it.
- Now I have some friends to call whenever I wanna drink some.. u know? beverages. 
- I like pets. But sadly, I'm not allowed to have pets in here. Someday, I wish I can have one. I know that it will take long time but I just wish.
- That all for me. Thx

[선택주제](https://blog.naver.com/PostView.naver?blogId=sampi52&logNo=222626869086&categoryNo=25&parentCategoryNo=0&viewDate=&currentPage=1&postListTopCurrentPage=&from=postList&userTopListOpen=true&userTopListCount=5&userTopListManageOpen=false&userTopListCurrentPage=1)

## Grp1. **가족과 함께거주**, 요리, 국내여행/ 해외여행


### [국내여행](https://blog.naver.com/PostView.naver?blogId=sampi52&logNo=222705400007&categoryNo=6&parentCategoryNo=6&viewDate=&currentPage=4&postListTopCurrentPage=1&from=postList&userTopListOpen=true&userTopListCount=5&userTopListManageOpen=false&userTopListCurrentPage=4)

### 해외여행

- Q1. 여행사에게 전화
    - Hi,I'm calling to get some infor 'bout the trip to Japan. I'd like to ask u a few q
    - First of all, when is the best time to go there? I mean, I'd like to the infor. 'bt the off-season prices
    - Sec. can i choose where to stay? I'd like to get a list of all available hotels, motels, and B&Bs in the country
    - Lastly, what can I do while I'm there? I mean, what kind of prgm u have? and how much are they? Ok that'll be it. Will u answer the qs plz?
- Q2. In the airport, flight ccld. no other flight cuz all booked. call to trvl agency
    - Hi. This is Jake kim supposed to depart 10AM. but I'm in big trbl now and I need ur help.
    - I just found out that the f has been cancelled. What's even worse is that there's no other available f. They're all fully booked
    - Well, I've got some suggestions. First. u find me the earliest fs right now. I can wait for a couple of hours for that. That's not a big deal.
    - If it's impossible, I'll just have to get a full refund. but I think I deserve to get a discount next time I book tickets w/u. Thats all for me. Let me know if u have better ideas
- Q3. Similar exp 'bout cancled fs
    - A few years ago, my famliy was going to go to J. it would be the 1st. family trip to J
    - We left home for the airport early in the moring. We were so excited that we talked 'bout what to do, what to eat and so on in the car.
    - Then, we heard on the news that there we huge earthquakes in our destination. We couldnt believe what we just heard
    - We had no choice but to turn the car and get home. surely, we got a full refund for evytng we paid for. we were lucky that the disaster happend before we got there. though we were a little disappointed as well.

- Q1. NY CAR RENT
    - Excuse me. I’d like to rent a car from your shop. Can I ask you some questions about that? 
    - First, what kind of cars do you have? We are a group of three people and would like to rent a van. Do you have it now? We’re going to New York. 
    - Second, how much does it cost if I rent it for a week? Is insurance included in the amount?
    - Last but not least, how do I pay? Do you take credit cards, or do I have to pay in cash? I think that’s it for now. Can you answer the questions please?

- Q2.
## Grp2. **영화**, 공연, **집휴가**, 쇼핑/ TV, 독서, 스포츠

## Grp3. 공원, 해변, 카페, 걷기, **조깅**/ 헬스

### [공원](https://blog.naver.com/PostView.naver?blogId=sampi52&logNo=222692535266&categoryNo=6&parentCategoryNo=6&viewDate=&currentPage=5&postListTopCurrentPage=1&from=postList&userTopListOpen=true&userTopListCount=5&userTopListManageOpen=false&userTopListCurrentPage=5)

- Q14. 아이와 어른 공원비교
    - I think children and adults do lots of different things, and a lot of other things together at parks. The difference between children and adults at the park is obvious. Children are a lot more active. They run around and yell and scream. Adults would rather sit around and chat more.
    - Children tend to constantly frolic and play on the equipment and in the fountains. Adults on the other hand, usually sit under trees eating and talking. The park I used to visit had an elaborate fountain you could walk around in on a hot day, which was great fun for kids getting soaked, but not so much for adults. 
    - Most families like to eat together at the park. Eating is an activity both children and adults alike enjoy. I think that's one of the main activities public parks are designed for. And it's a lot of fun to eat outdoors together. There should be more space like that in the park. 
    - Though parks are designed for everybody, some part of the park is enjoyed more by kids while some other part is loved more by adults. But some open areas like the grass fields in parks offer lots of options for kids and adults all together.
- Q15. 공원 문제점
    - Generally, parks in my area are very busy with families going there all the time. I think other parks in other areas are pretty much the same. So, more parks are being built to accommodate more people.
    - I think parks do more good than harm. Actually, they can't be a problem. It's the people that cause problems there. And the problems are closely related to what they do at the park. I'm talking about what they drink there.
    - As far as I know, drinking is not allowed outside bars in many countries. But drinking is one of the most enjoyed activities at the park in Korea. Some people get drunk, shout and pick a fight. They even break things installed there for public use. Of course, they don't tidy up the mess when they leave.
    - In order to solve the problem, people organize voluntary patrols and move around the parks to prevent and stop incidents. They sometimes work with the police so it's quite effective. With all the communal efforts, people can more safely enjoy their time at the park now.

### [조깅](https://blog.naver.com/PostView.naver?blogId=sampi52&logNo=222667279846&categoryNo=6&parentCategoryNo=6&viewDate=&currentPage=7&postListTopCurrentPage=1&from=postList&userTopListOpen=true&userTopListCount=5&userTopListManageOpen=false&userTopListCurrentPage=7)

## Grp4. **음악**, 노래/악기

### [음악 GENERAL](https://blog.naver.com/PostView.naver?blogId=sampi52&logNo=222597885099&categoryNo=6&parentCategoryNo=6&viewDate=&currentPage=9&postListTopCurrentPage=1&from=postList&userTopListOpen=true&userTopListCount=5&userTopListManageOpen=false&userTopListCurrentPage=9)

### [음악RP](https://blog.naver.com/PostView.naver?blogId=sampi52&logNo=222694427720&categoryNo=6&parentCategoryNo=6&viewDate=&currentPage=5&postListTopCurrentPage=1&from=postList&userTopListOpen=true&userTopListCount=5&userTopListManageOpen=false&userTopListCurrentPage=5)

- Q14. 서로다른 음악가비교
    - I don't know composers very well, except for famous ones like Beethoven. So, let me choose ballads and dance music to compare. On the one hand, ballads are very easy on the ear. It has kind of a relaxing story and some good melodies to keep a listener emotional.
    - On the other hand, if you need to shake your body a little, then dance music is the sound for you. It has driving beats that just make you want to move your feet. It makes you happy when you're down and happier when you're happy. 
    - Ballads kind of remind me of the relationships I've been in. Good and bad memories all together. It somehow fits in with the Korean musical taste. Dance music is great for road trips because it makes the journey seem shorter somehow. It's got a fast beat and it starts our adrenaline pumping as soon as the music starts.
    - It really depends on my mood and surroundings what I listen to and when. If I'm on my own at home and having nothing much to do, I might put on some love songs to relax. But if I'm out partying with my friends, it's the dance time all night long! 
- Q15. 음악,기술발전
    - I suppose the biggest ongoing advancement in music is the ever-expanding sharing platforms. There’s no storing music any more. You get it streamed on your phone. You can listen then buy from online stores like Bugs Music, Melon, Spotify etc.
    - Some people prefer to go straight to YouTube. It's another sharing facility, but with video. It seems YouTube has replaced MTV and grown to be a monster platform for everything. Now it's all about mouse clicks, not store sales. The digital revolution in music has changed the whole industry.
    - It seems new music businesses are emerging every day for streaming music or sharing platforms. But consumers have gotten smarter, too. In my case I don't think I actually bought a song for years. I just watch and listen on YouTube. Why bothering spending unnecessary money? 
    - Even so, it's exciting for consumers because there's more choice available. With the pace of change of technology recently, I think there's more change to come. We're all looking forward to seeing what the industry will be like.






## 돌발. 지형, 은행, 재활용, 거주지

### 지형

- Q1: Describe geo. in ur country
    - Korea has really a lot of mountains. they play an important part of K pp's lives. Ms take up to 70% of the countey. Everywhere u go, u can see M tips over the horizon
    - Also the country is surrounded by the sea. It's just like It-a-ly. It has 3 sea, the west/south and east. It's like an island.
    - there are big & small lakes and rivers all over the country too. t r vry imprtt for rice fields and drinking water
    - All in all, K has everything in and around it. M, R, S, L and etc. whatever u name it, we've got it
- Q2: what types of acti?
    - K pp love to go out and take part in diff acti. T r so energetic that t have to be doing something outside.
    - e.g. K pp love hiking. It's part of their weekend routine. t don't even have to go anywhere for that. There'r so many small hills&Ms around
    - Water Sports like rafting r very popular too. In the summer, ppl raft in the river, swim in the sea and row in the lake. Surfing and scuba diving are getting more popular these days
    - We have the summer, winter, sea & Ms. I think K is ppt fr many diff tps of outdoor actis. Take ur pick!
- Q3: Memorable experience
    - When I was young, my family once went to a special for a vacation. It is prbbly the largest beach on the east coast, 경포대
    - But there was too much trffc on the way. K is a small country w/too many ppl so famous spots are always crowded w/visitors
    - The sun finally went down & I fell asleep in the car. When we arrived, It was late in the evening. We're supposed to be barbecuing after swimming in the sea. but we couldn't do single thing.
    - I spent most of the vacation packing,unpacking,and sleeping in the car. it was a very unpleasant v at a very special place.

### 은행

- Q1: forgot credit card in bookstore. call the bs
    - Hello. hi, I was there about an hour ago and I have prblm. Can I talk about it for a min plz?
    - I think I left my credit card somewhere in there. It's white and there's something like "KB members" printed on it. I used it at the checkout counter.
    - Can u plz leave it at the counter if u find it? I'll go and get it right away. Just give me a call and let me now plz. Oh, and my phone-call nmbr is 010-2222-2222
    - Or, u can mail it to me. I'll text u my addr. Of course, I'll pay for it. But either way, plz let me know as soon as possible u find it. Otherwise, I'll have to report the loss to card company.

- Q2: Difficulty w/finances. eg; ATM Card malfunction, lost card, etc
    - My KB credit card provides a lot of diff. services. e.g. it works as a pub transportation card as well.
    - It's really conveniente. Whenever I use the subway or bus, I can pay w/it. U don't have to carry my wallet anymore.
    - One day. my card didn't work. I was getting on the bus and the scanner made loud, beeeep noises. I was so embarassed.
    - I had to get off the bus and took a taxi. It turned out that the tiny chip on the card was broken. it was a really terrible exp. ever

### [재활용](https://blog.naver.com/PostView.naver?blogId=sampi52&logNo=222705400007&categoryNo=6&parentCategoryNo=6&viewDate=&currentPage=4&postListTopCurrentPage=1&from=postList&userTopListOpen=true&userTopListCount=5&userTopListManageOpen=false&userTopListCurrentPage=4)

### [거주지](https://blog.naver.com/PostView.naver?blogId=sampi52&logNo=222688977819&categoryNo=6&parentCategoryNo=6&viewDate=&currentPage=6&postListTopCurrentPage=1&from=postList&userTopListOpen=true&userTopListCount=5&userTopListManageOpen=false&userTopListCurrentPage=6)